hello and welcome to my nexus for
this new video about a
translation and not least that of
the legacy of the dragon child
the excellent legacy of the den born of ice
assassin cream first of all a
warning this mode is consistent and
will ask you to download about 1
Once activated, it will take at least
givet two vaccines on your disk
hard
so be careful if you have your skyrim
will ssd that you count a little the
place or if you have a small
connection you will need some
time to download the mode that
by the way is in two parts
but we will come back to the legacy of
the dragon child is anchored in the
prophecies the myths legends as well
that history itself the mode you
so will explore a past
forgotten and discover the relics
lost 17 dragon children that they have
preceded the mode will also allow you
to learn more about the lost alliance
with at 14 which is causing for those
who know it well when
powers of dragon children mode
adds to consequent content as I
already wanted to say starting with amused
in the city of loneliness where I you
advise to go to talk to
conservatives would have died and luce
the mode and in several parts indeed
you will have this museum to fill with various
objects and as and when this museum
will be more a hub for lots of quests
that will allow you to go to the
search for lost artifacts and a very
big quest called and dairy
broken which is actually a series of
quests that will bring you to number of
rewards and will allow you to undergo
some twists in the museum
itself there will be more than 1000
location to make your display age
so the weapons
even paintings and so on as I
just told you he will also have to
new books etc and the museum itself
understand your secrets that you
will discover to discover
also serve you 2 dice with regard to the
number of objects that can be understood by the
museum it can quickly become tedious
to place the objects in the right place and
well the modder has provided a system that
place the objects present in your
inventory automatically to the correct
location with regard to the
translation she herself took me
a lot of time because the mode
includes a lot of books and input
with lots of line in for
information an entry can contain a
sentence hello hi or may contain a
whole book or description he has
had to work with the
moddeur who updates his translation
regularly in order to reach a point
where it will not receive any more that
object and will not add kate and
dialogue
so he continues to work on a
number of objects the correction
bugs and various mechanisms
I will update the mode at
as and when but I will wait
perhaps three versions because sometimes
the modder updates its translation a
times a week regarding
Installation
first you have to go to the page
original mode so the page in
English
go to the files tab
take the basic version so this one
do download manager as you can
see him after two nights without equal this
version is necessary because the tate
which contains all the files
necessary to the modes still use
some elements of the original bessat
then once this download
will be finished you will have to activate the
fashion
so far no problem go to the page
from translation to helping files
download manager effect on the patch
legacy of the dragon terminals which is
not a patch fr actually that includes
the whole mode with the different
esp but as I dedicate you we have
need the original bessat so I
preferred the name do to patch
that there is no ambiguity
indeed some users are
really more than just beginner so I can
to take precautions to
some even if it's not really
exact this is a patch that you
be a beginner or others I take advantage
to make a little digression again
read the descriptions of the modes in
the corresponding tab
read the posts on the forum
concept tab before asking your
question
to come back now to the mode a
Once you have downloaded is
download manager on the patch activate the
you will be asked to crush some
files made
yes or yes to all who is too bad on a
or two of the files you will need to do
reyes because you can not do
world wild fund
according to the modes you have installed
and that will be all for this video
about this translation
before leaving you I want to
answer a question that I was asked
sent in private elsewhere so yes I 'm there
say yes I do all that is
translation we come to go into
fantasy fashion magazines the goal
and what g5 does not want to deal with may mode
it's like that I can harass him and
even sexually harass there
nothing to do about these stupid things
not a little thumb up
always pleasure do not forget to
visit the fantastic chain of the site
did not know her you will discover
lots of modes and everything in
the good mood and as for me I you
tell next week or at in
fifteen days for a next video I
do not know yet
very very good game and see you soon
hachey